Some Evidences Of My Theory
1. It is believed that Wormhole can be used for
space travel. (Consideration) This means that is
you took a loaf of bread, and if you want to
travel from one end to another end, then the
shortest route will be provided by Wormhole i:e
the path which goes into the loaf from its one
end to another. But, think, that universe is not
having any dimensions, then, how is space
travel possible? I studied on this question for a
few days and finally got a satisfactory answer. I
strongly believes that in the Wormhole, the
time moves with a much a faster rate.
(Consideration) Now, if you are moving in an
Wormhole and just outside I am standing, and if
both wants to travel the same distance with
same speed available. (Consideration) If the
time taken to travel that distance with a given
speed is 1 hour and the time inside the
Wormhole is moving twice than that outside
universe, then, you will take 1/2 hour to reach
the distance while for me I will take 1 hour to
reach the same distance. So for me,I will

consider that you have took shortcut because
you reached the required distance 1/2 hour
before me but you will notice that you travelled
for 1 hour because for you the time has not
changed. So the Wormhole can be used for
space travel. But, think, what would be the
reason for the heightened speed of time? I also
thought on same question and got a answer
that would act as a evidence for my theory. In
my theory, I mentioned that in the ending the
universe show a peculiar phenomenon of
extracting time from the energy and matter so
that it becomes normal to the original time
especially when the time is constant for a long
period of time and when the motion of the
universe is at rest. Now, when universe is
forming, the time increases from zero to normal
time of that particular universe. Now for a long
period of time the time is constant, so it shows
the peculiar phenomenon of extracting time
from the energy and matter. The matter and
energy gets accumulated in form of long tube
which we consider as Wormhole. The universe,
then extracts out time from the matter and

energy to makes itself equal to the original
time. The original time is moving much faster
than time of universe. This is the reason for the
heightened speed of time. Now a question
arises, in my theory I mentioned that at the end
whole of the universe will change to original
time, but here only a part of a universe changes
to original time. The simplest answer for this is
that when it is at the end, the universe is at rest
and as told earlier that it shows this
phenomenon when the time is constant for a
long period of time and the motion is at rest.
But in case of normal universe, the motion of
the universe is not at rest, thus the frequency of
this phenomenon is less or nearly rare. The
Wormhole disappears in a short period of time,
it is because it extracts out time from energy
and matter by using them, thus it disappears in
a very short period of time. This point acts a
prove for two points of my theory i:e the
universe at the end extracts out time from
energy and matter, and the time at the
beginning changes, because only when it

changes, it can extract time to make it equal to
original time.
2. When a star explodes, all the left matter and
energy gets contracted to a very dense point of
infinite gravity and density, which we
commonly call, black hole. Now you all know
about black hole. From my theory, I understood
the work of black hole in the universe.
(Consideration) if a country&#39;s government
produced about billion currency notes, so the
country has to work only in that billion currency
notes, but as the needs of people are
increasing, the currency has to be increased,
which the government does. Also in the
universe, the stars and planets need extra
energy for many purposes, and this work the
black hole does. How? In my theory I told that
dark energy and matter changes into visible
matter and energy in pressure or gravity. As the
black hole is a very dense point with infinite
gravity and pressure, it slowly changes dark
energy and matter into visible energy and
matter for requirement of stars and planets and
formation of new stars and hence planets. This

point acts as a evidence on a point of my theory
i:e the dark energy will change into visible
energy in pressure.
3. According to theory of inflation, the universe is
uniformly accelerated in all directions. Why?
(Consideration) if you take a certain volume of
water and add it some weight, it volume
increases equally in all directions. This is the
reason for the inflation of universe, the dark
energy and matter continuously add into the
universe which makes it to uniformly accelerate
in all directions. This point acts as a evidence on
two points in my theory i:e the dark energy and
matter continuously add into the universe and
time liberate dark energy when it changes.
